No one can deny the impact of Artificial Intelligence on our society in this modern day. Artificial Intelligence is affecting the society as well as human being as individual in almost every way. There is virtually no industry which AI has not touched. And why not, as name suggest it is a human like intelligence created by human. The ways Artificial Intelligence are changing our lives and livelihood are a lot.

The very first effect of Artificial Intelligence is on our healthcare industry. It consume a lot of time of doctor to look at patient report and classify them as positive or negative of respective disease. But thanks to computer vision technology which is helping the doctors to do the same in less time. Not only this, Since AI can't daignose the patient but it can help to sped up the drug discovery, do data analysis of patient report, and create the personalised report. This is a huge task to a normal human being. 

Currently, It has not become fully feasible in society but Artificial Intelligence is also taking on transportation industry. Driverless car, drones are the examples of this. AI is very rapidly changing this transportation industry. Autonomous vehicles will replace a lot of job as well but will also open the opportunity in other direction.

Finally, Let's see how one of AI field called Natural Language Processing helping us to communicate globally without any human translator. For example - Google Translate is performing wonderful job in translating two different languages. This is just one example of NLP. Chatbot is providing the better solution to the customer without need of any assistant. 

At the end, in this ongoing period of COVID-19 pandemic where face to face interaction is almost negligible, AI is helping in many different way. Effecting our lives and livelihood as well. Driverless Car will be proved as boon of Artificial Intelligence in this lockdown. Treating the patient with fast rate and eliminating the doctors other hustle is blessing of AI.